[CAM-11111] provider synchronization process details (#2742)
CenturyLinkCloud/PublicKB: Cloud Application Manager/Core Concepts/providers.md

{{{
"title": "Providers",

> "date": "10-17-2018",

Reviewer: Please update date

Author: done

Cloud Application Manager requires to gather specific information of your cloud providers to be able to provision and orchestrate deployments automatically. The basic synchronization of a provider created from an existing account is a read only process which do not change anything in your cloud account.

After you register a provider, Cloud Application Manager uses API calls to retrieve metadata which describes available infrastructure options, quotas, your custom configuration and images or templates to store it with the purpose of provide such customized options to you when you are creating or editing a deployment policy box.

This metadata includes required infrastructure data as follows:
* Available regions or datacenters
* Available networks and subnetworks
* Allowed connectivity options with public or private ip and firewall rules
* Available autoscalability configuration (i.e. resource limits or alarms)
* Allowed type/size of virtual machines
* Available images or templates to be used at provision time. These are listed in configuration of your provider.
* Available public keys to secure provisioned virtual machines
* Available load balancers and target groups

> * Unregistered virtual machines and other cloud resources which are already provisioned in your cloud account in order to allow you to register those virtual machines or resources if you want to do so. These are listed in Unregistered tab of your provider. Discovery of these unregistered resources can be done atomatically if you selected so in your provider Services tab: 'Automatic Discovery of Resources'

Reviewer: I would rather specify that the "registrable" resources are VMs and scaling groups, not any resource. Those are the ones displayed under "Unregistered resources" tab. But the rest of the native resources are listed in the Instances page (for AWS and Azure for now)
Please, also add a link to 'Automatic Discovery of Resources' that is explained in AWS or Azure providers

Author: done

You can request Cloud Application Manager to update provider's metadata clicking on Sync button when needed. i.e. after adding new images or firewall rules in your provider account, you need to synchronize your provider in order to select one of newly added resources.

> All synchronization process is logged and you can audit it in Logs tab o provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All synchronization process is logged and you can audit it in the **Logs** tab of the provider details page.
```

In case you are using aditional services like Managed Services Anywhere or Analytics or your provider is optimized the synchronization process will include also some configuration steps which will create required infrastructure and configurations in your account to allow CenturyLink to provide such services.

These required configuration include these steps:
* Access Account
* Configure IAM
* Secure account
* Sync ALM
* Analyze
* Monitoring

All detailed events and any issue detected during synchronization process will be logged and you can audit the logs of the complete process in logs tab of the provider.

> #### Supported provider types

Reviewer: Use level 3 title

Author: done

Cloud Application Manager requires to gather specific information of your cloud providers to be able to provision and orchestrate deployments automatically. The basic synchronization of a provider created from an existing account is a read only process which do not change anything in your cloud account.

After you register a provider, Cloud Application Manager uses API calls to retrieve metadata which describes available infrastructure options, quotas, your custom configuration and images or templates to store it with the purpose of provide such customized options to you when you are creating or editing a deployment policy box.

This metadata includes required infrastructure data as follows:
* Available regions or datacenters
* Available networks and subnetworks
* Allowed connectivity options with public or private ip and firewall rules
* Available autoscalability configuration (i.e. resource limits or alarms)
* Allowed type/size of virtual machines
* Available images or templates to be used at provision time. These are listed in configuration of your provider
* Available public keys to secure provisioned virtual machines
* Available load balancers and target groups

> * Unregistered virtual machines and autoscaling groups which are already provisioned in your cloud account in order to allow you to register them if you want to do so. These are listed in Unregistered tab of your provider. Discovery of these unregistered virtual machines can be done atomatically if you selected so in your provider Services tab: [Automatic Discovery of Resources](https://www.ctl.io/knowledge-base/cloud-application-manager/getting-started/register-existing-instance/#discovering-the-unregistered-instances)

Reviewer: I would also add that other native resources are discovered and displayed in the Instances page with some basic information.

Author: done
